Github SSO Authentication (#71)
transport-data/tdc-data-portal: docs/sso/README.md

> # Single Sign On

Reviewer: Typo. Should be Single sign-on

## Frontend process

> The user sign in using his GitHub account, and we receive the GitHub token with his information as email, name, username, image, etc., after we send the email, username, GitHub token, and a secret to identify the application which is sending the request is our frontend nor other one trying to sign in using our CKAN, after that receiving the response we use the API token to communicate with CKAN identifying him.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1) The user signs in using his GitHub account 

2) The frontend application receives the GitHub token with the user's information, such as email address, name, username, profile image, etc.
 
3) Then, the front-end application sends a request to CKAN containing the user's email address, username, GitHub token, and a secret that allows CKAN to identify whether the application that is sending the request is the frontend application or not 

4) CKAN responds with an API token that can be used by the user
```

## Backend process 

> In CKAN we receive the data sent by the frontend and validate first the secret to check if the stored secret in CKAN matches the received one, after that we verify the token to check if it's a token generated from GitHub.

Reviewer: It sounds weird to use "we" in this context. I mean, CKAN is not "we".

I also suggest rewriting it into a numbered list.
